Well, good evening, family. Thank you for
joining us again today. We're going
to pray tonight. I want to pray more
than talk.
And so, I want to go over
some of the things we have in the
news since I've been with you last.
There's a lot going on, as everybody can
see. Paris is on fire.
If you all remember,
I saw the Eiffel Tower on fire and I
said, 'It's burning.'And I don't know
why it's burning. I see it burning, and there
are
people rioting. They're going
nuts in the streets, and the
Eiffel Tower is on fire. And I said, 'I
don't know how you burn metal, because the
Eiffel Tower is metal.'But I saw it
burning.
And so we see over the weekend
people acting crazy in France and
burning the Eiffel Tower, just like the
Lord showed us. Was it last
year?
Yeah, two years ago.
Two years ago. It's been a while. But I
saw the Eiffel Tower burning, and I said,
'I don't know what causes the Eiffel
Tower to burn.'And I still don't
understand how that could
burn—it's
metal. But I guess it's on the bottom.
Maybe they lit some tires on fire or
something. But there it is, just like
the vision. I saw it burning. Yeah.
It's on the side of it, isn't it, honey?
Yeah.
So, it's not the Eiffel Tower itself;
it's metal. I was thinking, because
that's in the vision, I thought, 'How in
the world does a metal structure
burn?'Yeah.
And then,
so they're burning tires or something.
Yeah.
And that's what I saw in the spirit. And
so they're popping fireworks, and they're
rioting, and doing... I said,
'Everything is burning.'I told everybody,
I said, 'This is what I see. I see
everything is burning in France.'I see
things burning, people acting nuts. And
this is what has been happening.
Two years ago,
they're burning everything up just like
I saw there. I saw things in
trash cans. I saw things... and
what's amazing is it took two years
for that word to come to pass,
and I said, 'Black swan events are
coming.
This will be on purpose.'They're going
to try to do this. This is something,
and I saw major events starting to
really take place in Europe, especially
France. And it was down the river
there, and Emmanuel
Macron
was riding on a black swan.
So here they are, they're doing it. I
don't know why they're doing this.
It's over football.
Oh, football,
soccer.
Are they happy or are they mad?
They're mad.
They're mad about what happened. Yeah.
Mad about who won.
I was disappointed with my Thunder. They
lost. I was disappointed with that. But
we knew that when I saw Wemby and his
face dominant, I knew. But I don't
talk about sports and that.
Go ahead and show what else.
Yeah, and then you have
to go over.
Okay, I want you to talk about the
tunnels.
Yeah. Okay. So, we had a major boom,
an
asteroid, a meteor go over Pennsylvania
and North Carolina, and it was
loud. Can you play that clip?
So, the Lord showed us several times
that this will be, as of April the 1st,
signs from the heavens. And He said,
'You're about to see major signs from
the heavens, and there will be
meteors and like asteroids, and they're
coming.'And
I heard major loud noises that
were
like sonic booms, but some of them that are
coming are
so loud that they will
break the glass out of people's homes.
They'll break the glass out of people's
cars. It was so loud for something that
is coming. And I said, 'This will start
on April 1st.
This will start on April 1st.'And the
Lord said, 'Watch this time frame going
into Rosh Hashanah into
September, and then more acceleration
will come on 9/11.'The Harbingers.
Now, this just happened Friday.
Yeah, it did. Yeah.
Go ahead. And what is this one, hun?
This is just a clip of people hearing
it. Okay, go ahead. Let them hear it.
Did
it already happen? It
sounds
like a gunshot, doesn't
it?
Yeah,
that's the one in the day.
Yeah, you can see it.
Look at it falling.
Is
it?
Yeah.
No reports. A sonic boom in South
Carolina.
The community around Columbia, nearby
counties shaken and startled from the
noise. The US Geological Survey
confirming this was not an earthquake,
but no word yet on what caused it. No
reports of injuries or damage.
Mysterious.
That's amazing. It looks like a flash.
Yeah.
So, but the Lord warned us it would
start on April 1st and it would go clear
into the summer, all these months ahead.
And He said this would be shakings of
signs in the heavens.
And so we're seeing it.
Interesting though, huh?
Yes.
You can kind of see
it really went over Boston really loud.
See it go over
Boston.
There were people freaking out in Boston
because it was really loud over Boston.
Okay.
I was going to do that.
Do what?
You want this one?
Yep. Go ahead.
Okay. When I saw the three banks, I saw
the river. Do you remember what I saw? I
saw Jamie Dimon. I saw Chase Bank.
I saw Wells Fargo. And I saw Bank of
America. This part of it, I want to say
this is not financial advice. This is
all in my opinion. I am not a financial
adviser, okay? This is just what I see
in vision, and I can miss it. But
I want to tell you, I saw this man back
in February, and he was at a brook, at
a table. There was a table, and they were
coming to an agreement. But he said, in
this, 'I saw three major
banks'—him,
the guy over here, and this is Chase
Bank, I believe, right?
Yeah.
Bank of America and Wells Fargo. They
were in it together, and they were upset
about crypto. They didn't want it to
happen. They wanted to be the boss. So
they took a rope and they tied it
around Crypto. And Crypto was in the form
of a rocket, and they wrapped it around
this rocket, and they had a rope to it,
and he was the head of it. He was the
head of it, and he would pull it down, and
he would let it go way high, and he would
pull down. And there was a great
manipulation.
If they can't stop it, they will
manipulate it so that you won't trust
it.
And I saw that they would not be able to
stop it, so they would manipulate it.
But then I heard Garlinghouse say, 'All we
need is
clarity.'And
he was excited; he wanted clarity.
It was a black line. It was black as
onyx
again. Black as onyx. Think about the
symbolization here again. It was black
as onyx. There's something here.
Garlinghouse said, 'All we need is
clarity.'And
the rocket that was
manipulated by the rope broke.
It broke. And the rocket took off in the
sky, and you couldn't see it no more. It
went away. It went into the clouds. And
I watched that as they tried to
manipulate it, and the
rope broke,
and it went as high. It went... it
was... I was like, 'Look at that.'But as I
watched that in that vision, I saw
BlackRock
in the distance, and
wasn't in with these three
bankers. They were off to the side.
So, if you go to the other ones, I saw
the senators,
you know, like insider trading
stuff, like you already know
what's going to happen. So, you have
your bags packed, and I saw
certain things that would make
Pelosi look like a boy scout.
So, let's go ahead and hear what this
Jamie Dimon has to say about crypto.
He's not happy.
Go ahead.
So, are you happy with the way the
Clarity Act is turning out?
No.
No. Because it allows them to
effectively pay interest on deposits,
stablecoins
or something like that,
without the protection that they should
have. And it doesn't do anything for
AML/BSA.
It has almost no legal
protections. So no, the banks will
not accept it that way.
They and the ABA, the small banks, the
credit unions, not just the big guys.
I'm not worried about stablecoin, but
if it happened, I'm telling
you, I would have nothing to do with it,
and it would eventually blow up on its
own. Okay. But that's my personal thing,
but I do understand the concern of all
the other banks. So,
well, the markup is coming. I mean, what
are you going to do about it?
It is. We'll fight it. If we lose, we
lose and we'll live.
Yeah. Okay.
But it will be fought. This will not
be—no
one's going to bow down to this
guy, okay, or that company. But he's
the only one, and he's spending hundreds
of millions of dollars in Washington
on
this thing.
He said he's representing the whole
bleeped it.
Good job. You got it. I knew he'd say he
dropped a bad word.
And then she's saying it.
Okay. So, go ahead. This
is
some competition for them.
They view it as competition that will
hurt their ability to sustain the
deposits they need to make loans. I
disagree with that. They want changes
that actually would go back to the
Genius Act we passed last summer and
make changes to it. I think that they
should embrace digital assets. It is going
to be part of the financial products
they can offer in the future. We're
going to have a digital dollar, a
digital Bitcoin, and digital alternative
coins. It's going to be a new
financial landscape and I'd like to see
the traditional banking industry embrace
it instead of fight it.
So, the
votes—yeah.
Do you remember you showed me that one?
I believe it was this one. Yes. First, your reaction to those comments from Jamie Dimon and Maria. Well, we have a lot of respect for Jamie Dimon. He's—and JP Morgan's an excellent bank. In fact, they're our bank and they've worked with us and stayed by our side even through the Biden administration when the Biden regulators were trying to force banks to debank the crypto sector. We have a number of partnerships underway with them. We work with them around the world. So, we think well of Jamie Dimon and of JP Morgan. We have a good partnership with them, but at the end of the day, public policy is about the right outcome for the
American people and I'm confident Congress is going to do that. The Clarity Act is a really strong bill that creates important consumer protections, but also allows the financial system to become more responsive to the average American. And I think that's a great objective, and I'm excited that we're very close to getting the bill on the floor and then ultimately to the president's desk. How confident are you that it's going to pass the Senate? Look, I feel very good about it. I think the Republican caucus is pretty unified. The president's been putting his shoulder into this and there's a very large group of Democrats who want to
get this done. We got about 80 Democrats in the House who voted for this, and I think we'll get a proportional number in the Senate. Crypto, interestingly, has actually become the most bipartisan issue in Washington. It was probably the singular bipartisan achievement of last year. And I think clarity will be the big bipartisan achievement of 2026 going into the midterms and that's pretty exciting. You say that this is crypto's Dodd-Frank moment. What do you mean by that? Well, this will be actually the biggest financial regulatory bill that Congress has done in quite some time, certainly since Dodd-Frank. But what this does actually is it creates clarity for the crypto sector. But interestingly, notwithstanding the concerns from the banks, it actually creates a broad range of new powers for the banks. In fact, this will be the first piece of legislation since the '90s that gives the banks new authorization to get into the crypto space. I know JP Morgan wants to get into it. Every other big bank wants to get into the crypto sector. We welcome their entry. We work with many of them and helping them build the services that they want to offer their customers. So it's a big, important legislation. It's transformational in its nature, and—I mean, you get the gist. I mean, he talks for a
little bit so it's boring. Bitcoin
is now.
Okay. Next. Anything else? And then they're saying June they would adopt it, cross that. Okay. On the 25 plus banks going live
by June using crypto for 24/7
cross-border
payments.
Okay. Next. And then you
have the mosquitoes. Then you have—okay. I want to
ask about the mosquitoes.
Okay.
So, we have mosquitoes being released all
over California by Google.
They're planning
to—yeah,
they're planning to release millions of
mosquitoes into California to help stop
disease.
Thanks, Google.
I'm
just curious if you know if they ever
heard of malaria or West Nile or any of
these other diseases. I wonder if
that'll help them. Pretty smart, huh?
Google wants to help us out
with the ticks, you know, the ticks,
whatever. You know,
RFK
said today there's more
uptick in Lyme disease across the nation than
there's
been in—they don't know when.
And so they all of a sudden have a new
shot for you to take for Lyme disease.
They created it for ticks because these
ticks are spreading
so bad. We're going to have a new tick
shot. So, they got
a new tick shot for you. Like COVID, you
can get that with your booster for your
COVID shot.
Yeah. Go ahead.
So, is this vaccine available
now?
This vaccine is not available now. It
should be available in a few months. I
have a feeling with this spotlight
they may fast track it. It's a
completely safe vaccine based on older
technology. It's not something that we
don't know about. It's using proteins
and basically peptides to target the
Lyme
part of the proteins on the Lyme
borrelia.
It's called the
bacteria itself. Very, very
promising. It's going to be useful. Last
time we had a Lyme vaccine, nobody took
it. This vaccine is safe, effective. I
think we're going to get a lot of use
out of it.
So, is this vaccine
available?
Last one didn't get used very much. Yeah,
this
one's getting
used,
but this one you're going to like it.
We're going to specialize
this one. It's going to be good.
This one right here is going to
make you grow hair if you don't have
any, and we're going to
fix everything. So, just let
y'all know it's coming. So, there you
go. So, they got an uptick. You have
RFK is on
there telling everybody today. Did you
see that, Braden?
No, I didn't.
Okay. I don't remember where I
saw—I
think it was on—it was
either—I
don't think it—I don't remember where I
saw it. He had suffered something.
RFK said,
I'm trying to remember where I saw it. I
didn't take a screenshot of it to give
it to you.
I'm sorry. But he says it, and so,
okay, next
one. Effort
to combat—that's it, but I don't want to
play it, we'll be here all night.
Okay.
So, but you can watch it on your own
time if you want. He's talking about
it and it's a major deal of Lyme disease
spreading throughout the nation. They
don't know what's causing this uptick
like that other than the ticks, and
so, major deal, huh? And so, they got
a shot for it. So, let's see. Next.
Let me see. 6.2, I think.
So, 6.2 earthquake out in the water
by Italy by the boot. And I said, I saw
an
underwater volcano
getting ready to go off in the water, and
it will cause over 300,000 people to
perish when this event takes
place.
I saw Rome shaking with an 8.2.
I saw a major underwater event.
And so, we're seeing an uptick in the
boot. Now, you know, it looks like a
boot to me.
Yeah.
But, you know, it's interesting to me
because it's out—it's off the water,
it's outside of—it's not on land.
And so, it's something to watch. It's
something to pray about. You know, I'm
not trying to bring fear. I'm trying to
tell y'all this is interesting to me.
Where's that at?
And it says record-breaking 48th eruption.
They
said 48 eruptions.
So, major earthquake—I mean, major volcano
going off in Hawaii.
Yeah. 48, I guess. I know it broke
a
record.
It broke a record.
The earth is having birthing pains.
Amen.
Next.
Okay.
We've been praying over these tunnels
and I saw tunnels going into California,
Mexico, and these areas that were major
tunnels that were being used by
smugglers for drug trafficking and human
trafficking coming into America. And I specifically said it was Tijuana and going into California. I said there's a major one in Nogales. I saw Nogales. I saw parts of the border, but where the major river wasn't. I didn't see tunnels where the river was; I saw it was on this side. And the
Lord specifically talked about the
corruption. That's all I'm going
to say. Corruption. Go ahead and play
this because the Mexican authorities
today found a tunnel in Tijuana going to
California today. It's an
869-foot
tunnel from Tijuana that likely
connected to a well-known street in San
Diego.
Okay, so it went into San Diego, this
tunnel. So, the Mexican
government found it. So, go ahead and
show this.
Well, shocking new video shows a
cross-border tunnel in Tijuana that likely
connects all the way to a well-known
street in San Diego. This tunnel is
about 870 feet long, 21 feet deep, and has
operational infrastructure, including
lighting and ventilation. Mexican
authorities found the tunnel while they
were carrying out a search at a
residence looking for firearms and
explosives. Officials say that the
property may have been used as a
storage, logistics, and trafficking
center for weapons, explosives, and
other substances. DHS says it will
conduct an investigation. Well, shocking
new video
shows
there's more tunnels than this. And that's
what the Lord was telling. He was asking
when we were praying to
uncover this, to find it. And it
is
interesting that it is the
government of Mexico, not America, that
found this.
And then this is really interesting to
me. Braden showed me this, and this is
what really bothered me a lot for the
fires and the underground things that I
saw taking place in the subways
for mass transit in New York. I saw them
taking explosive devices and flooding
the tunnels in New York, and there was
no way to get to the victims because
they drowned in the
water concerning a subway system. Now
they have this video of this
right here. Go ahead. Can you play it?
Yep.
These men
are all coming up out of the tunnels and
people are freaking out about it because
they're all coming up
out of there and they act like they're
just
walking away like, 'We're not doing
anything.'They
have headlamps on. But there
were
seven of them.
Another one comes out. Another one comes
out. Another one comes out. They keep
coming out. Now, what is it? Are these
terrorists? I don't know. They could be
down there just doing drugs. Who knows?
But I think it's interesting because
people said it was alarming and
they're not supposed to be down there.
And these kids, all boys
coming up out of these tunnels. Is that
something normal in New York? I don't
know. They probably have homeless people
living in the tunnels. But I'm just
on high alert from Memorial
Weekend to Fourth of July, praying over
our nation for the 250th
anniversary.
Go ahead. What is this?
They're burning ballots or whatever they
found in California.
So they're burning ballots,
found burning and
vandalizing. You know, Spencer
Pratt, is that his name?
He's ahead in the polls over the ladies.
Yes.
So, he's running as a Christian
conservative. And I said, 'This is what
I saw about a red wave coming to Los
Angeles, a red wave coming to
California, and a revival will come out
of this.'And the Lord said, 'Pray
for California.'I saw a red wave taking
over, and even with getting rid of
Newsom,
he then slithers on his
belly like a forked tongue trying to go to
the White House in the days ahead
with the other African-American
man.
You know who I'm talking about though.
He's the guy that's for the
Democrats. He tries to talk like
Obama, but he's not.
I saw him and...
goodness gracious. Names, names, names.
Well,
Cory Booker.
Cory Booker. Booker. Cory Booker.
Yeah. So,
Spencer is ahead and doing really
well so far. Yeah, Cory Booker. I
saw Cory Booker getting a louder voice
in the days ahead. So, we see Spencer
ahead in the polls. So, wouldn't it be
wonderful to have a mayor that is over
LA in that area to be able to
be over that instead of these liberal
whack jobs?
That guy right there is... Wow.
He's not happy either.
Angry. Okay. Go ahead. Next.
Yeah.
And then you have a digital ID thing.
Yep. Digital ID. I want you to see all
this about the digital ID. How long has
this been going on? I try to keep it for
tomorrow's video.
30 minutes. Are y'all entertained a
little bit here? You know, to me,
bringing all these news articles out for
you, showing you where we are, I enjoy
this part of it. This is fun. Braden
works hard. We can save some of it for
tomorrow, since we haven't been
here in several days, but go ahead and
show them one more thing about the
digital ID in Australia.
Yeah. Okay. Well, this is what we were
praying over and I saw them going to
roll out digital ID very quick and
social credit scores in Australia,
England, Canada, and Germany, Italy, and
France, and it will come really
fast.
Ready?
Yeah, I use it all the time.
Here in Australia, the public have
already got a digital ID and the
equivalent of a gov.uk app to access
their public services. But what do the
public think about it?
I used it just this week to check my
points on my license.
Oh, how you doing?
I'm good. I'm good. Some are going to
expire this year. I'm in a really good
position.
If I'm going anywhere, I don't have to
have all the extra things. I've just got
my phone.
I'm from New Zealand, so we didn't have
it. And then when I moved, I was like,
'Oh, this is
cool.'Did
you find it kind of easy to set up
and to use?
Highly recommend it.
You got it all in one place. It's really
easy. Log in with Face ID. There's my
driver's license. Saw that. Then you're
good to go.
Good to go.
Previously, I had to go find the credit
card to do it on my computer.
Log in, set up the email. When you
register your card to pay the rego, your
registrations come right up on your
phone. Makes it very, very simple.
It's just the way of the future. So, may
as well embrace it.
Yeah. Use it.
Okay.
No resistance.
We'll just... You might as well take it.
You know, we know the mark of the beast
is coming, so you might as well embrace
it, right? It's all being rolled out
right now and the digital dollar, the
crypto, all of it's coming,
so you might as well embrace it. We
can't stop it. We know what the Bible
says. She's right. So, you might as well
embrace it.
Wow. Huh. And so we see Cuba, we see
Russia hanging out in the middle of the
water waiting for the last several
days and doing this little
donut and all these little designs in
the ocean right there waiting for
something by Cuba. Russia did this and
then they took off Wednesday. So what
were they doing? Who were they talking
to?
They drifted at sea for weeks.
Yeah, they were drifting at sea for
weeks just hanging out there. Yeah.
Huh.
And then they began
sailing
and then they went and then they started
going away and they're okay. So I wonder
what they were doing out by Cuba. What
are they doing out there? Just hanging
out.
It's kind of a weird little pattern they
did.
It's like, okay. All right. Next.
Anything else?
Oh, yeah.
No, it's good. Yeah. Go ahead.
You don't? You sure?
Yeah. I mean, because it's
interesting to me. I just go, 'Wow, look
where we
are.'So,
she was talking about
that.
Okay, go ahead. One more clip. One more
clip.
This is only a 1 minute and 37
seconds. Now, this is interesting. Think
about what she's saying.
All UK citizens will have a digital ID
card. So,
hold on. Do you have to...
Well, I say card actually. It's a
digital ID.
Have a physical card?
Yes, all UK citizens will have to
have one. Well, the plan is that we're
going to roll this out by the end of...
No, no, my question is what if I don't?
What if I've got my job, so I don't need
to show this to anyone?
So, what if I just don't do it?
So, if you don't have one, then
you'll have a problem if you want to get
a new job.
No, I'm saying I'm not doing this. So,
I'm not seeking a job. So, why should I
get the digital ID card? Why do I
do it?
Is there some fine for not
doing it? Is there an incentive to do
it? I'm just thinking I've got no reason
to do it.
Yeah. Look, this isn't a heavy-handed
approach. We're not planning to go
around fining people, but what we are
going to do is make sure that
everybody's got one. In the same way,
Charlie, as you've got a National
Insurance number, if you're a citizen of
this country, we'll make sure that
everybody has a digital ID.
So, help me with this. I know we're
plodding
through this, but
everyone watching who's
got a job has got a National Insurance
number. So when these digital ID cards
exist,
if I just go to my employer and show
them my National Insurance number, is
that not sufficient? Are
they being precluded from employing me?
It won't be sufficient. I just want to
be really clear about that. They
can't employ people unless they've seen
a digital ID. Yes, that's right.
That is the plan. And
we're not going to
force you to get it.
But we're not going to allow them to
hire you, and
in the days ahead, if you don't take it,
we're going to cut off your head.
You can't buy.
So just letting you know, we're not
buying or trading, but you'll have to
pledge an allegiance to the beast. And
if you don't do it, then you'll die,
right? So it's going to be okay.
We're going to just roll this out slowly,
and a spoonful of sugar helps the
medicine go down, right? So
we're going to
do a little at a time, and it's going to
be okay. So just don't freak out about
it. We don't want you rioting yet and
being upset until the rapture, and then
we know you're going to do that. So,
we're waiting
right now. We're just passing the
legislation for crypto. So, just know
that that's first, and it
will be a cashless society soon. It's
coming. So, we're getting around to
it.
You'll have a digital ID
without cash and a new digital system.
So, it's all going to work out, right?
So, just to let you know, we want to
implement this pretty quickly,
and it's going to be painless.
It's all happening. Do you not see
it? Do you not see where we are?
Can you see the signs of the
times? Jesus Christ is coming, ladies
and gentlemen. But most of you are
asleep.
It's happening so quickly all around us.
We have wars and rumors of wars. And oh,
you need to show Trump mad at
Benjamin today.
He blows up
Lebanon,
and Trump is furious. And
he calls him effing crazy. Excuse
the word,
but they're upset, and
President Trump is really mad at
Benjamin today.
So he uses a lot of colorful language in
this,
blankety-blank,
"You'd be in prison if it weren't for me.
I'm saving your blank.
Everybody hates you now. Everybody
hates Israel because of
this."So
he's not really happy with Benjamin
today.
It is much tougher for me to
properly do my job and negotiate with
political hacks. Keep negatively
crippling,
never seen before over and over again,
and I should move faster
or move slower or go to war or not go to
war or whatever. Just sit back and
relax. It will all work out well. In the
end, it always does.
First, I guess. Then he got mad today.
Yeah, then he got mad today.
So, he's not really happy today
at Benjamin, and he's cussing him out
because he blew up Lebanon. And I said,
"In the days ahead, it will not be
America that does this."Remember what I
told you? I said, "America will try to
draw back."I saw them drawing back. And
I said, "Israel pushes the
button,"and
great antisemitism will rise up in
New York and across America, and
they will hurt the Jewish people,
and they will flee and go home to
Israel. A lot of them will be
fleeing to Israel in the days ahead. And
I saw John Hagee's ministry and others
funding their return back to Israel, and
they will take over Gaza,
and a lot of people are going to be
furious about it. I said, "I'm telling you,
I saw this, and they will be burning and
it will be worldwide.
The Jews will go back home because of
the antisemitism."I said, "Israel pushes
the button.
It will not be America. I saw Israel
doing it."So we see the fruit of that today.
We see the fruit of that word coming to
pass. And I said America will stand
down and Israel will be the aggressor
towards this. And I said they make the
mountain glow.
And I said, "I saw a surprise attack
worse than October coming
to Israel in the days
ahead."The
Lord said, "Pray for
this."I
saw innocent civilians in
harm's way with a chemical
warfare.
It looked like mustard gas. It was
some kind of yellow. It was on
rockets and drones and things, and
they were going to try to spray the
people, and it was an attack worse than
October of three years
ago—two
years ago, three years ago,
three years ago this year, I believe.
So, we're praying over the harbingers of
9/11. Okay, so now all that's
caught up. You're up to date on
that. Now, this is what I saw last
night in my prayer time.
The Lord specifically—I want you to
really pay attention, and
this is what I feel the Lord is telling
me lately. I didn't do prayer. I had a lot
going on, and this is what I got in
my private time.
We're praying between now, the 1st to the
14th. The Lord highlighted the 14th to
me. It was bolded. He circled it. He
said, "Pray over this week concerning
the King's rallies."Now, I didn't know
there were King's rallies until Diana had
to look it all up for me. I said,
"Baby, the Lord..."because I
drove around really late and the Lord
said, "Look at the 14th. It
is a day that is very significant to
this nation to pray concerning
what I saw."Okay, not adding to or
taking
away from anything:
the legislation
for clarity.
I saw the Clarity Act, but I saw layers
like paper—like paper
that was secret things,
that had sentences
in the act that
were hidden, that were bad.
And I heard betrayal,
and I saw lines, and remember
the black
line that looked like onyx?
I said, "You see the
onyx."Yeah,
honey, that's great. Thank you. I like
to show them how black it looks. Do you
see? Well, you really
can't see right there.
Yeah, not really.
It's kind of boring. I try to find...
Well, the Bible's kind of... It doesn't
matter.
Okay. Black onyx, a line that was like
black onyx. And then I saw pages in
like contracts.
And as I was watching the movie come out
for the aliens, I saw distraction
coming. I saw sleight of hand over here,
over here, as they're doing this over
here in the still of the night.
The pages are passed without much resistance.
There was not a lot of public
outcry. It was just a spoonful of sugar
helps the medicine go down.
The very thing that you embrace, you'll
push away in the days ahead.
The very thing that you embrace, I saw
it again, you'll push away in the days
ahead. And I saw a clarity coming,
but it has the end-times writing in it.
What I'm saying is the banking system
for the end times,
for the beast system, is an
undercurrent in this bill
that will come out fast
as you see digital ID being pushed
around the world,
as you see the aliens being talked
about—these
false demonic things that are
about to take place. Steven Spielberg is having a
major movie come out on that week,
which is the next week for the alien
movie, and it's pretty creepy.
Then on the 14th,
they're having a No Kings rally as
America approaches
its 250th anniversary.
We have a choice about what story we
tell.
Steven
Spielberg's movie is coming out, and the
kings of this thing...
it's the
aliens.
With the 250th
anniversary, with this No Kings rally on
the
14th,
and
the Alien movie coming out,
this is all in the same week is what
I'm trying to tell you. I found out Dina
said,
'Brandon, it's Trump's birthday
on the 14th.'Is that correct?
Okay.
And
they're saying it is.
Okay. So, during this timeframe,
pray
over it. But I saw the black lines on a manuscript—like
a
manuscript,
like pages on
a contract. They were like
black
onyx, as black as black can be
with a black line.
So, do you see how it all goes
together? I'm trying to paint a picture
for
you because I'm not a financial
adviser. I'm trying to tell you things
about the beast system because it's just
what I believe, in my opinion, what the
Lord has shown me. But it's all coming
about is what I'm trying to tell you. I
really believe we could see—and the
Lord said to pray over this
timeframe,
praying over President Trump. Pray for
rioting,
pray for black swan events. You're
looking over here; what's happening over
here? Praying over the next two weeks.
Not this weekend, but the next weekend.
Okay, two weeks. Praying over this
timeframe.
Praying over
President Trump's 80th birthday on
the 14th. So, it's interesting to me.
So, will we see the Clarity Act? Will
there be a distraction away from it as
it's passed?
I don't know. I believe we'll see it
sooner than later because he's
saying they have the votes. What are
they waiting on? Why have they not voted
on it? I don't know. But it's very
interesting to me, the beast system
rolling out, and all the digital ID, the
digital everything.
So interesting,
right?
So, praying over
a Supreme Court judge.
I saw in my prayer time praying over
a judge having some health problems
and going home, being removed.
There's something concerning
what I was praying about, this judge
having something going on. And I don't
want to be too specific about who this
individual is. I've been instructed,
'Don't give names anymore when you
see people's health
stuff.'I
saw an individual,
and all of a sudden, they have to
bring in a new one. That's good
enough. Okay. And when I was praying
about this individual, I saw an Asian
woman.
I saw a woman with red lipstick.
I saw a woman with shorter black hair.
She looked to me like she was an
Asian-white
mix. She wasn't full Asian;
she looked to me like she was part
Caucasian. Okay.
I don't know who this woman was. I've
tried to explain her to
Braden all the time to look at this
person, but I saw this woman. Now, I
don't know what this woman... I
assumed
that this was the person who
would take over for this individual
that had health problems. There
was something wrong. I would say
it would be the C-word, and that's all I
will say.
It was something with the C-word,
and it was very serious,
but they didn't make it.
I saw, as I was praying into the
months ahead, I kept seeing the storm
again. I kept praying over the fires in
New York, the building, Ground Zero, the
flag. Praying over a new Ground Zero.
But the new Ground Zero
wasn't in New York; I was praying
over Chicago.
Praying over Chicago, praying over a new
Ground Zero,
praying over the fires in New York,
praying over a Pearl Harbor
experience—like
a new Red Dawn, D-Day in our
nation. Still praying over this. It
was
very strong when I was praying over it.
So, we will continue to do so. All right.
Is it good?
All right. 44 minutes. Not too bad,
right? How's my timer?
Yeah,
minutes.
I've tried to keep it under an hour.
So, who wants to pray for
a little bit? You want to pray with me?
We'll pray. Like I said, people
want to pray more and talk less.
But some people like this, so
we just do what we do. But we're
so excited you're here. And I don't know
how many are here right now, but for how
many people want to pray, we'll pray and
we'll seek the face of the Lord. The
Lord said, 'Be bold as a lion tonight,
Brandon.'And
I don't know what that
meant. So, I just took it and said,
'Okay, I'll do my best,'you know,
as I always do. But it was
interesting as I was getting
ready.
He said, 'Be bold as a lion
today.'So,
I've been pretty bold, I believe.
So, Father, I thank You,
Father, for the body. Every single
person who's here tonight, Father, we
lift them up before You. We thank You,
Lord, that there's an expiration date to
every one of their needs. That by the
stripes of Jesus, they are healed. And
as we see the signs of the times all
around us,
oh Jesus, I'm so excited You're coming.
Lord, I know You're coming sooner than
later. You told me personally, 'You'll be
the generation that doesn't taste
death.'And
that brings music to my ears.
Father, we will be the
generation that brings and ushers in
Your
coming, that You chose us for
such a time as this. You saved the best
for last. And oh, what a plan. Just like
Sister Billy always says, 'Oh, what a
plan. Oh, what a planner He is, that He
chose you and me.'We are here for such
a time as this, that we're seeing the
digital ID, the digital currency, all of it.
Getting the
pre-stages
for the mark of the beast system is
right there.
It's all happening right in front of
your face. And it's so amazing that
we're that generation. It's happening so
quickly.
As I saw the hourglass, and I could
see the sand in it, and He said, 'I
extended the time, and I gave it from
2015. I gave you these
timeframes
from these two Shemitah
cycles.'Do
you see this? And I saw the sand falling
into that hourglass.
Look at where we are.
I've given you a time for a revival.
And as we see the signs approaching,
Father, I thank You, Lord, that our
hearts are prepared.
We're not on the wrong side of
this; we're on the right side of it.
We're looking up, for we know our
redemption draws nigh. We're keeping our
eyes on the sky. Well, we're keeping
our eyes on getting as many people saved
as we can, right? But you know what I
mean. Lord, I thank You, Lord. Our
weatherman always says, 'Keep an eye on
the skies.'That's why I laugh. But
keep an eye on the skies for Him, not
for tornadoes. Father, I thank You,
Lord, for the body. I thank You, Lord,
that tonight is their expiration date
for the healing that they need. That
tonight, that sickness and disease that
has been on their bodies, tonight
is the night that they receive their
miracle. And I agree with them
physically, spiritually, financially,
mentally, emotionally, whatever it may
be. I believe that tonight is the night
of their breakthrough.
I thank You, Lord, that nothing's too
big for You, that all things are
possible to him who believes. And we
believe. As we attach our faith
to it, Father, we call those things
that be not as though they were. We're healed,
we're whole, we're well, delivered
mentally, emotionally, physically,
financially—in
every area, we're made
whole. And we take this body in the name
of Jesus. And we thank You, Father.
We thank You, Lord, how You've taken
care of us, and You've redeemed us from
the curse of the law. Galatians
3,
'Christ has redeemed us from the curse of
the law.'And we're not under the curse
of Deuteronomy 28 anymore.
We're redeemed by the blood. Jesus
Christ paid the price for us to walk in
victory tonight. And we take this body
in the name of Jesus. And we give You
all the glory, honor, and praise for
what You've done for us in
Jesus'name.
Thank You, Lord.
Now, Lord, we make much of the blood, and
we apply the blood over us. We apply the
blood over our minds. We apply the blood
over our bodies, our physical bodies. We
apply the blood so that there's no
Alzheimer's, no dementia, no autism,
no learning disabilities,
nothing. Jesus paid the price for you to
walk in victory over that. By His
stripes you are healed.
And that's for PTSD
to all kinds of things. There are so
many people who said, "Brandon, you don't
realize I've been dealing with PTSD
for so long and I need
help."I
believe that tonight's the night of
their breakthrough, and we apply the
blood. And, Father, if there's
anything you want to show me, like
all the things you showed me last
night,
I'm so grateful, Father, for your voice.
We submit ourselves unto God. We resist
the devil and he will flee.
We thank you for the blood. We apply the
blood over our house, over my
children, over us, over our finances,
over everything. We apply the blood. And
I thank you, Father, that we are
underneath that covering,
that
umbrella of the shadow
of the Almighty, under His wings. Father, I
thank you like that mother hen, you
protect us. You protect the
chicks.
We will hear your voice, and a stranger's
voice we will not follow. We take authority over
demonic spirits that would try to come
and snare us in any way. We take
authority over familiar spirits. We thank
you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ
covers our ears, covers our eyes, covers
us, covers the eyes of the spirit,
Father, so that anything you want to show me
is
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. Father, we
yield
to you. We're not here to
do anything other than just follow you.
And I thank you, Father, for your blood.
And we take the blood right now in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood
that covers us. If—I know it was the
blood. If it wasn't for the blood, we
all would be in so much trouble. Thank you,
Jesus, for the blood, so that we don't have
to sacrifice bulls or goats or sheep
anymore. Jesus was the ultimate
sacrifice. And we take the blood right
now in
Jesus'name.
I know it was the blood.
I know it was the blood
shed for me
one day when I was lost. There it is. I
know it was the blood.
I know it was the blood. I know it was
the blood for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died upon
the cross. And I know it was the blood for
me.
Is that wonderful?
They whipped him all night long. They
whipped him all night long. They whipped
him all night long for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on
the cross. And I know it was the blood for
me.
Thank you, Father. I don't like all the
verses for that.
Yeah, I like the first part.
I like it. The very first verses are all
my favorite, Braden. All those other
little
lines—they
ran out of ideas,
I think. Yeah, they ran out of ideas.
Braden, you're so funny.
You got it. You had it right for the
first one. They got that by the Spirit.
I know it was the blood. I
know it was the blood. I know it was
the
blood for me.
You're so funny.
They ran out of ideas,
to you that wrote the
song—just
our opinion.
You make me laugh.
Ready? Father, we just thank you, Lord,
for the blood,
Lord. It never loses its power.
For it reaches
to the highest
mountain
and it flows
to the lowest
valley.
Oh, the blood
that gives me strength
from day
to day.
It will never
lose
its power.
For
it reaches
to the highest
mountain
and it flows
to the lowest
valley.
Oh, the blood
that gives me strength
from day
to day.
It will never
lose
its power.
You lost right there, B. You got to
scroll up.
That's good enough.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
We just give Him honor for the blood
tonight.
Thank you for the blood that was shed
for us, every single one of us, that we
are made whole.
For
everything you did for us, God,
we magnify you. We glorify you.
You know, I was singing that song
earlier, Braden, and I
don't—it's
another old song.
Help me, Holy Spirit. Which one would
you want me to sing?
You know, I find the
vein—for
it reaches
to the highest
mountain
and it flows
to the lowest
valley.
Oh, the blood
that gives me strength
from day
to day.
It will never
lose
its power.
For it reaches
to the highest
mountain
and it flows
to the lowest
valley.
The blood
that gives me strength
from day
to day.
It will never
lose
its power.
I see two hands
and they're lifted up to the Father.
They're all the way up and
they're lifted up to Him like this for
praise.
Like they're cupped and they're lifted
up to the Father in praise.
Jesus,
that name above all names.
Beautiful Savior,
living word,
Emmanuel,
God is with us.
Blessed, I believe it's
blessed redeemer,
living word.
Jesus,
that name above all names.
Beautiful Savior,
glorious Lord,
Emmanuel,
God is with us.
Blessed redeemer, living word. Jesus, that name above all names. Beautiful
Savior, glorious Lord, Emmanuel, God is with us. Blessed redeemer,
healing Lord.
You're my blessed redeemer.
I see a pinprick on a membrane.
The membrane is full of water.
And in this, I see a pinprick. It looks
like what would just barely poke with a
needle at the top of this membrane,
like a balloon.
And there is a waterfall coming out of
this.
And the beginning of the greatest
demonstrations and the manifestations of
the glory of healing revival is about to
spread throughout this whole world.
I see a
pinprick.
Oh, Jesus.
As it comes out, it comes out as a
little bitty waterfall.
But as it gets to the bottom, it spreads
and it's getting bigger and bigger and
bigger.
It comes out very—it seems like it's
just barely a trickle, but as it falls,
it's spreading. It's spreading
to the point where it looks like Niagara
Falls.
It started out just like a
pin
prick.
Oh, Jesus.
Jesus.
There's so many people that are
believing for so much right now.
And we thank you, Father, that you've
already provided for all of it.
Healings,
wholeness, wellness
in every area of life.
Prostate cancer is being healed right
now.
You've had high numbers,
high numbers.
I don't know what this is called, I'm
sorry, I just am hearing
prostate numbers,
but they're coming down.
They're going to come down,
the numbers.
I see the numbers. You know, like
whenever you see an elevator go
down, it's like ding, ding, ding, ding,
ding, ding, ding, but it's in the
hundreds of thousands. It's like
thousands. Like these numbers are high,
big numbers, and they're going
kind of like you're draining a bank
account,
but they're going down.
Jesus,
name above all names.
Beautiful
Savior,
glorious Lord,
Emmanuel,
God is with us.
Blessed redeemer,
you're the living word.
Jesus,
name above all names.
Beautiful
Savior,
glorious
Lord,
Emmanuel,
God is with us.
Blessed redeemer,
healing Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Jesus,
that name
above all names.
Beautiful Savior,
glorious Lord,
Emmanuel,
God is with us.
Blessed redeemer,
living word.
Oh, Father.
Yeah, the blood, the blood is being
cleansed. It's the blood,
the blood, the blood, the blood. There's
something going on with your blood. It's
thick. It's like
I see thick blood.
Thick blood. Your
hematocrit,
the thickness of the
blood.
There's—you
take lots of
painkiller,
you take a lot of this to thin your
blood. Aspirin.
Yeah, Bayer. You take Bayer. It's the
Bayer.
You take Bayer. It's for your heart.
Your heart,
the heart, the blood and the heart, the
flow, the flow of the blood,
the
thickness.
It's thinners.
It's for the thinners.
But tonight, tonight is the night
for your breakthrough. Tonight
is the night for your
breakthrough. We call breakthrough. We
call breakthrough. We call breakthrough
over the heart. We call breakthrough
over the blood. We call breakthrough. We
call breakthrough. We call breakthrough
in the name of Jesus. We call healing,
wholeness, wellness.
You started out by drinking just a
little bit of wine.
And over the course of time, what was
one glass led to two. What was two
glasses led to a whole
bottle. And I see the bottle is
becoming a crutch.
Red wine, white wine. You say, "Well,
it's good. It's
antioxidants."But
you open the door to the devil by a
little, and he's taken a whole lot, and
you want to be free from this. You've
opened the door. Now you're drinking a lot.
And you're even thinking about going to
harder stuff. You're saying, "I
need a little bit more. I need a little
bit
more."And
what was
socially
acceptable—drinking
with
friends—now
you do it at home, you do it on the
couch, you do it. This is my unwinding.
This is how I unwind.
It is now becoming a stronghold.
And the enemy is trying to get a
stronghold, to get this foothold in your
life
through your liver. Through your liver,
through the fatty liver,
alcohol is trying to destroy your
liver. You don't even realize it.
The enzymes, the things of your
liver—you
say, "How many bottles does it
take just to get through the week?
How many bottles does it take to get
through every single
week?"We
want to shut the door.
And this is the same with pornography
with someone. I see it was soft porn, and
it was just off of Instagram.
You were just looking at things on
Instagram,
and you were looking at things wrong
on Instagram.
That's what I hear. I see the app. I see
it on your phone, and you open the door
by looking at things you know you
shouldn't be looking at. And it went from
this soft kind of porn, if you want to
call it that, to a full-fledged...
And I'm hearing it's escalated to the
point you feel that you're addicted and
it's out of control.
And the Lord wants to set you free from
this.
It starts by
things that are subtle,
and it got in, creeping in,
creeping
in. You open the
door, and now the devil's got a stronghold.
Take the app off your phone. Take that
off your phone. Don't have access to this.
Take the stuff. Close the door to the
devil, saying, "I'm done with the devil
influencing me."Take the
easy inroads off of your devices
and just
delete it and go on.
Don't have inroads to the
devil to allow him to get you.
"Well, I can't keep up with my family. I
can't keep up with my friends. I can't
keep up. You don't need to have that.
I don't know what everybody's doing if I
don't have
that."I
hear the argument inside of your mind.
I hear the argument inside of you. You
argue and you're
reasoning and reasoning,
and it's become, "Well, I don't
want to lose track of my friends.
I don't want to lose track of my social—all
of
what's going on
with
everybody."This
is more than one person. The Lord
said this is multiple.
This is a lot of people.
This is turning into
something bad.
Some of you are talking on chats.
I see
a chat room you're in with these
people; they're like
prostitutes.
And the Lord said, "Shut the door to the
enemy.
Don't play around with fire.
Run. Flee from evil. Flee
from evil. Shut the door to the doors
you're
opening. Shut it. Shut it quickly.
Shut it. Don't give the devil a
stronghold anymore in your life.
Submit yourselves therefore unto God.
Resist the devil, and he will
flee."We
ask you, Father, right now,
to
replace it with scripture.
Replace things with scripture. Get the word
inside of you.
Get the word down in your heart,
calling those things that be not as
though they were. "I'm free from
this stuff, this filth on the
internet. I'm free from alcohol. I'm
free from cigarettes. I'm free from
whatever has a hold on
you—food—whatever
has a hold on you
more than what the Word of God does,
and
the Lord, and the Holy
Spirit."When
I heard what David said,
"Take not thy spirit from
me."David
said, "Take not thy spirit from
me."Scripture,
Braden,
"Keep me."Then again, I hear, "Keep me
as
the apple of your eye.
Take not thy spirit from me,
Lord."He
said in Psalm, "Do not cast me
from your presence or take your Holy
Spirit from
me."I'm
talking about—and it's grieving
when you grieve the Spirit of the Lord.
You can feel
Him withdraw. He's a gentleman.
"Keep me as the apple of thy
eye."Oh,
you feel the Holy Spirit right then,
Braden.
He filled the whole room.
"And do not grieve the Holy Spirit of God,
with whom you were sealed for the day of
redemption."And
do not grieve the Holy Spirit.
To grieve Him, He withdraws,
just like David was saying, but this is
even in Ephesians. "And do not grieve
the Holy
Spirit"—when
He draws back. He has an opinion
about everything,
even with my bad attitude a lot of times.
And even like I had
that last broadcast, and there
was no presence here. I could
not—it's
like touching a cold stove,
and I vowed I would not waste
the people's time.
I say, "Oh God, help
me."My
attitude gets stinky,
and I grieve the Holy Spirit, and I can
feel it when we work together so closely,
when that mantle and that cloak don't
come on.
"And do not grieve the Holy Spirit of God,
with whom you were sealed for the day of
redemption."I
could hear it so clear when
Kathryn
said, "Oh, he's all I've got.
He's all I've got."Kathryn
Kuhlman
said, "He's all I've got.
Do not quench the
Spirit."1
Thessalonians
5:19.
"Do not quench the Spirit.
Do not quench the
Spirit."1
Thessalonians 5:19.
Holy Spirit,
this is your house.
Holy
Spirit,
this is your house.
You will not be grieved
or
quenched.
"Yet they rebelled and grieved his Holy
Spirit, so he turned to be their
enemy and himself fought against
them."Yet,
what is that
in
Isaiah?
"Yet they rebelled and grieved his
Holy
Spirit."That's
interesting; I haven't
read that one before. It's Isaiah
63:10.
You will not be grieved,
quenched,
or offended.
You will not be grieved,
quenched,
or offended,
Holy
Spirit.
Spirit,
Holy
"Do not cast me from your presence or
take your Holy Spirit from
me."Now,
that's the one I like.
Psalm
51:11.
"Do not cast me from your presence or
take your Holy Spirit from
me."I
had an
encounter—was
it three nights ago,
Braden?—and
I could hear it. And I could see Him
so clear.
I said, "Help me to pray.
Help me to
pray."I
realized how much I need Him
and how He's the one, as He said,
"Brandon, I warned you to always
take that mirror and deflect—deflect it
always to the Father."He said, "I do it
in everything I do."The Holy Spirit
said this, "I deflect
even—it
always deflects and gives God
praise."He
deflects. Everything is
deflected to the Lord.
And I thought, isn't that wonderful?
Holy
Spirit,
this is your house.
Holy
Spirit,
this is your house.
Holy
Spirit,
this is your house.
You will not be grieved,
quenched,
or offended.
You will not be grieved
nor quenched
or offended,
Holy
Spirit.
Spirit,
Holy
this is your house.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter.
We are the clay.
Mold me and make
me
after thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Have thy own way,
Lord.
Have thy own way.
Search me and try me,
Savior today.
Wash me just now. Lord,
wash me just now.
Keep going.
As in thy presence
humbly I bow.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Wounded and
weary,
help me, I pray.
Power, all power,
surely is thine.
Touch me and heal me,
Savior divine.
It's a beautiful beat, huh?
One more time I'll sing. Have thy own
way, Lord. Verse one.
Have thy own way.
Thou art the
potter.
I am the clay.
Mold me and make
me
after thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Search me and try me,
Savior, today.
Wash me just now, Lord.
Wash me just now,
as in Thy presence
humbly I bow.
Oh Lord,
okay. You're taking so much of
this stuff to make you lose weight,
and you're afraid if you stop taking it,
you're going to get really obese again,
and it's destroying your facial
features. It's destroying you. You're
feeling really sick,
and it's affected your stomach so much
that the after-effects
of this
almost feel like they would
be permanent because of your stomach,
what's going on with your
stomach.
Have
Your way, Lord.
Have Your own way. The Lord wants to
touch you today.
Bondage to anything is not of Him.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Thou art the potter,
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me
after Thy will.
While I am waiting,
yielded and still,
I wait, Lord.
Do I say that out loud? Lord,
I'm just going to call you George.
Family hurt, family trauma
wounded you so deep. You feel such
a great betrayal. The
wound is so deep,
the pain hurts so bad. It's like it
knocks the wind out of you.
This is over money, this is over
ministry.
And you've been so brave and so strong
for your family. The Lord has seen it,
but He said, "Because of this, I'm going
to give you double for your
trouble."You've
been the peace
mediator
between the other family.
If not, they'd be at each other's
throats.
And the Lord said, "I'm going to give
you an increase on the anointing on your
life.
I'm going to increase the anointing on
your life,
and you'll be known even more as a man
of peace.
For blessed are the
peacemakers,
and you'll be known even more, sir, as a
man of peace,
as peace flows through you. For there is
an anointing of peace coming on you.
For
there
are
troubled waters even more ahead,
but you will walk in peace.
You'll walk in peace, and
you'll defuse the strife.
Have Your own way, Lord.
Have Your way.
Thou art the potter,
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me
after Thy will.
While I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Lord, fix the hearts.
Fix those hearts there.
Oh man.
It has the potential to go two
levels higher,
like a volcano ready to blow, depending
on
how you respond in the days ahead.
It will try to be a
scandal.
Do you remember how Lot and Abraham had
to take the different land?
He gave him what he thought was the
best,
but judgment was coming there.
Sometimes it looks like what you have in
your hand is the best
at that time, right?
I see a splitting. I see a
splitting of this
individual—you
know who you
are—I
see a splitting of this,
and I see Lot and Abraham. It feels
like this
because the strife would
try
to come up here to another two
levels.
We'll
just move on.
Have Your own way, Lord.
Have Your own way.
Thou art the potter,
I am the clay.
Mold me and make
me
after Thy will.
While I am waiting,
yielded and still.
I hear it. I see what You told me to do.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Search me and try me,
Savior, today.
Wash me just now, Lord.
Wash me just now,
as in Thy presence
humbly I bow.
I'm
just looking at
some things concerning my own personal
life right now, so He's
talking to me about some stuff. So I'm
just listening real quick.
Thank You, Father.
Okay. Father, we pray over President
Trump today.
We're
lifting him up before You. Father, we
thank You, Lord, that he is taking no
counsel from the ungodly.
No, no, no, no.
We pray over President Trump today and
the decisions he makes.
Yeah, I see the valley of decision
again,
cream and dust.
Looking into June,
looking into the
decisions that are being made
for the
midterms.
For
every hindrance, we
break you off. We're going to come
up higher. We're going to go up higher
concerning this.
I see the railroad cars again. I see the
transit cars for oil and gas, like
chemicals in those tankers that look
like propane tanks going
down—railroad
car tankers like propane tanks.
Mysterious derailment,
it's on the track.
Mysterious derailment.
I see Mississippi. I see Alabama.
It's on the track, on the metal
track.
It's on the side of it like a
device.
We're
praying over the
New York Knicks. Praying over
the New York Knicks, praying
over
the stadium, praying over the time
during this finals, I mean at the
championship game.
Praying over San Antonio.
Praying over San Antonio, the River
Walk, the river, the River Walk, praying
over the river.
ABC,
yep, we're praying. Pray over the river,
pray over the riverfront. That river
in San Antonio. Pray over this.
It's where the boats go, where there
are
like
umbrellas, there's like a restaurant
there. I see a restaurant.
It serves chips, the frijoles. It
looks like little, like Frito
chips.
Yeah, it looks like Mexican food, for
sure.
What am I praying over that area,
Father? We're praying over these
umbrellas. We pray for these people. We
pray for them, Father. I see
people down here, not that they're
drunk,
but
they act like they've had too
much of something—like a party atmosphere.
We pray over San Antonio. We pray over
San Antonio, we pray over the people. We
pray over them.
Thank You, Father. Thank
You, Lord. Over New York, we pray over
New York.
Yeah, it's the reconnaissance, the
reconnaissance.
We
thank You, Lord. Oh, Father, we thank You,
Lord. We
praise You.
I'm going to say this,
I'm going to be bold.
Lord,
I saw a shifting that was from
Oklahoma City to San Antonio. Now,
I saw something that was planned,
I saw something that was planned that
we're
praying against. It was
focused on Oklahoma City and the big
building—terror
in the heartland,
I see terror in the heartland.
Okay,
but because of prayer, I see it
shifted.
And I'm not trying to say one is better
than the other, that's why I don't want you to
misunderstand what I'm saying.
That's why I'm just bold, Lord.
Do you remember how many times I've said
'terror in the
heartland'privately,
Braden?
Braden, did I say that publicly? There
are
certain things that I see that
have been associated with
the
Thunder, praying over the Thunder and
Thunder Alley, the area where
people gather at Scissortail Park, praying
over this area, but the Thunder lost in the
seventh game.
And I see something, it's trying to
shift to the river.
And I was praying against it, and
it
shifted.
And I see the river—praying over the
river, praying over
New York, praying over, I believe
it's Madison Square Garden, correct,
where the Knicks play?
Praying over this area,
celebrations
again.
When was this day I saw this?
You say it looks like, too.
Hey, I'm wearing the same shirt then.
I like the color.
I thought that was me right then, that's
why I said that.
That's weird.
I'm hearing it again: terror in the
heartland. Go ahead.
Terror strikes again.
In the papers, very, very tragic taking
place. And then I saw the headlines in
the papers, and I saw 'Terror
strikes again.
Terror strikes
again.'And
then I saw in the headlines,
'Terror in the heartland.
Terror
in
the
heartland.'Nation
in turmoil.
A nation in turmoil.
I saw this in the headlines in black
bold letters: 'Nation in
turmoil.'I
wasn't going to jump right into this,
but I don't want to waste your time.
I have such an urgency in my heart to
tell you you must wake up. Okay, stop. I
see that. What day was this?
May 4th.
Okay, so that was the first of
last month.
We pray over the River
Walk.
We pray over the River Walk. We pray over
the Alamo. We pray over the Alamo. We
pray over these gatherings,
the hotels, the people.
Oh Father, I thank you, Lord.
We pray, Father. We pray. I see a
bat.
I see that bat over San Antonio. I see a
It's over the river. It's a bat. It's a
big black bat.
We pray over New York.
We pray over New York. We pray over
Madison Square Garden. We pray over
New York. We pray over these
events. We pray over the subway system.
We pray over mass transit. We pray over
our grid, our electric,
from now to the 4th of July. We
pray over our nation for the next
30-some
days.
It'd
be like 33 days, whatever that is,
34, 35 days. We pray over this time
frame.
What is that, son?
This is the crown jewel,
right? Play it.
He said the heartland will even be
shaken, didn't he?
He said even the heartland.
Say some of this.
He said, 'For even,'they said, 'terror in the
heartland would be more sufficient than
even the crown
jewel.'I
could hear the terrorists talking. I
could hear Iran talking.
And they wanted to inflict fear upon our
land.
We want to get the ball rolling. He
said, 'They said it's time to
get the ball rolling.'I could hear them
talking as they started, and they said, 'It's
time to get the ball rolling. It's time
to implement what we
know.'They
got their commands. They got this.
So we pray for the lands. We pray for
all this. But I'm telling you, I'm
hearing some chatter.
I'm hearing generals talk. I'm hearing
chatter,
and it was very heavy.
So we pray for Homeland Security, we
pray for the FBI, we pray for our
people.
But the plague is with the—as I saw
this black plague of death,
it looked like a mist again,
but it looked kind of like the
Grim
Reaper. It was tattered. It
was tattered black,
not—what
is it, like
a
sackcloth?
It
was
like—what
is
this
fabric that is linen?
It looked like black linen that
was tattered, this black being that I
saw. It looked like something out of a
Halloween thing.
And as it moved across, I saw it, and it
was released. It looked like
something out of a—I'm telling you, it
was demonic. It looked scary. It was
released. It looked like black
gauze moving. And I stopped and I
froze. Yeah, in fact, I told
her, I said, 'It
was everything I could do not to
get sick all over the
car.'Yeah,
I remember
the moment I spoke it and I saw it
and I went into the spirit. I could see
this, and it was like black gauze. And I
told her, I said, 'What is
this?'and
all of a sudden, I went into
like this travail, and I'm telling you,
I almost vomited all over the car. I
told her, I said, 'I feel sick. I have to
stop.'And she—I
said, and all of a
sudden, it's like—I don't know how to
describe what happened because it's
never happened before. I pray it never
happens again.
It went from my esophagus to my stomach,
whatever this was. And I told her, and
the Lord said—it was like he let me
have a glimpse of it.
And I said, 'What is
this?'But
the Lord allowed me to see something
I've never wanted to ever see again.
Never.
I never wanted to. It was terrible.
And then he said,
'They will believe it's
Ichabod.
They believe it's—but I've never left
you and never forsaken you.'This is
a humbling.
This is a humbling. He kept saying, 'This
is a humbling.'We're in
the last—there's
no urgency. Remember, thank you,
Holy Ghost. He said, 'There's no urgency
in my church.
There's no urgency behind the pulpits,
though
the coming of my son is at hand.
From sea to shining sea all around this
world, there's not enough urgency of the
hour, for I am coming
swiftly.'And
this will bring forth the urgency
that is required
for what you're about to see. That's
what he said. There's no urgency. People
say, 'Well, you're
yelling.'Yes,
because he was yelling.
Get over it.
You're too wimpy. You don't
have a backbone.
And for what's coming, you're going to
get a backbone.
Yeah.
You've
got a bunch of spineless, skinny
jeans and fog machine people up in here.
And you're going to get a backbone or
you're—I'm
telling you, the great
falling away is coming. You're going to
go, 'Oh, dear God, what did I truly
believe? Did he truly have
you?'Christianity
today is weak.
You come against hard times, you
come against things, and you think God's
abandoning you.
Most people couldn't live half of what
I've lived.
My life has been hard.
But every single time, I sit there and
say, 'I always stay on God's
side.''Oh,
Brandon, what have you been
through?'You
have not even a clue.
It's true.
I've given you a little glimpse into our
life.
Most of you walk on cupcakes and
rainbows compared to what it
takes
to be refined.
I walk a very tight
rope. That's why I keep to myself. I
told D, I said, 'I feel to be more reclusive
than I've ever been.
I feel to just do
this.'It's
funny how many months ago and even today,
what I thought, we have to be even
more—I
want to hear him.
That's how serious these things are
right now.
And this is not church as usual. This is
church unusual, and the church is going
to wake up, folks.
Well, I heard you say that. Oh, woe unto
you who mock. Woe unto you who mock.
I pray you make it through this.
They won't.
I pray you do. The storm that's coming,
they won't make it.
I've never heard him speak the way he's
been speaking.
It's different.
It's different, isn't it?
As he shows me the faces of the
prophetic people, he's disgusted with
them.
He said, 'They're a stench before my
nose.
They truly believe they're hearing me.
They truly believe they're speaking for
me.'And
he said, 'They're far from
me.'That's
what he said. He said, 'They're a
stench
before me,
for they're not warning my people of the
signs of the times.
They're giving itching ear
prophecies.'It
was a very, very strong word.
I questioned, I said, 'I need somebody
to
judge this word.'That's how strong it
was. I was sitting there, and I was
like, 'I don't know who to
call
because most of them don't want to hear
it.'I
was shook.
I was shook. I was waiting for it. You know, when you
were—I
felt the atmosphere, and I
sat
there and I listened to him. And as I'm
driving down the road and I'm praying in
the spirit over the city,
I
have such an urgency today, and I told
her, I said, 'Something is going
on.'And
when Father spoke, he shook our car.
He shook me.
What day was this, son?
December 30th.
December
30th.
It's pages long.
Instruction for our ministry.
Instruction for the days ahead.
'It's good enough,
babe.'And
that's heavy, son.
It's like I relived it.
I don't even know where you want me to
go now, Lord, but I feel you so strong.
As we enter into this season, Father,
I just want to be on the right side with
you.
I just want to sit with you a while.
No
matter what all the people,
Father, just to be a light
to show them, Father,
Jesus is the way.
You know, it's interesting. I saw the
plague then. I saw the plague again
then on that day,
as we talk about it in the news of Ebola
and all these things, and the rats and
all this stuff again.
We're always on the right side of it,
ladies and gentlemen. That's why we take
communion, we anoint ourselves with oil, and
we're not afraid
because we know who we are in Christ,
right?
But no, there's a domino that's about to
fall
that they are waiting for their
time.
But the greatest revival is about to
take place
that this world has ever seen before.
I truly believe it's standing at the
door—a
major revival. But I told you
when I heard that we've just got to
get the ball rolling.
They had cells in our country and they
were listening to the code.
Remember a couple of videos ago, I heard it
is on like—it was like a
spell, one of those little speaking
spells, but it sounded
like—and
it was only played at a certain time of
day for just a couple of seconds. They
knew when to listen for it,
and it sounded like a code from the
Cuban missile crisis era. It was
like a Morse code,
but it was a code they were listening
for, but it would only be played at a
certain time of day, only at that time of
week, so that nobody else would hear
it, and it was just a very
quick
burst. They would listen for it, but it
would be at that exact time, knowing when
to play it. And they would hear the code
and they would write it down, knowing
when to do it, because that's the only
way they would be able to communicate
without being found, because they
couldn't use the internet and they
couldn't use cell phones like they
wanted. They were trying to figure out
how to jam with car jammers
on trains, in
boxcars.
It was some kind of EMP machine.
How to make the electric grid on
trains go down. How do you make the electric
grid go down?
Similar to what was on Ocean's
Eleven.
It was some kind of device.
So, Father, I just pray for President
Trump's kids. I pray for our kids. We
pray for all of us that we're always in
the right place at the right time.
We pray over our country. We pray over
President Trump. We pray over his
cabinet, over Marco Rubio, over JD
Vance, over Eric, Don Jr.,
Tiffany, Barron, Kai, and Ivanka. We pray
for the grandkids. We pray for every
single one—that there's a covering over his
son with his new bride. We pray, Father,
that he's always in the right place at
the right time, at any kind of parties, any
kind of places with tuxedos on. We thank
you, Father, that he's protected, that a
thousand should fall at his side and
10,000 at his right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh them. Any plots, any
plans, any pursuits against him,
his children,
JD Vance, or Marco Rubio and his kids,
or
judges.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
FBI, Homeland Security, CIA, NSA, all of
our major outlets of law
enforcement and people who protect our
land. We ask for supernatural wisdom
over their
departments—our
sheriff's department, our local law
enforcement, our highway
patrol,
our medical, our fire department.
Father, I thank you, Lord. No weapon
formed against them is going to prosper.
Every line of defense, we cover it in
the blood: our Coast Guard, our military
of all kinds, our
cybersecurity.
We pray over our cybersecurity. We pray
over our men and women of service of all
areas, every branch of the military. It doesn't
matter what you are. We pray a hedge of
protection around and about them, that
there is no weapon
formed against them that would prosper.
We cover them in the blood. We saturate
this time in the blood from now until
after the Fourth of July. We pray over our
nation.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit
across this land, we command it to fall
in Jesus'name, to be uncovered. We call
an uncovering of every ungodly, evil,
wicked
act—mass
shootings, bombs, no matter what
it is, terrorist attacks of any kind. We
thank you, Lord, that every plan, every
plot, every pursuit across this land, we
say in the name of Jesus, you will not
do it.
It's uncovered by the FBI. It's
uncovered by our Homeland Security, CIA,
whoever it may be. We call on the
name of Jesus over Europe, and
the fires, and the people burning the
buildings, and all the rioting. We say in
the name of Jesus, desist in
your maneuvering.
There
is an antichrist spirit there. I
see
civil unrest.
Our Navy SEALs,
our Special Ops,
our
undercover officers. We pray
for every single one of them. We pray
for our secret intelligence even
in our
nation—people
that are undercover.
We pray for protection over our
undercover people.
This is very, very bold. It's a very
clear vision. The Lord said, "I cannot
deliver
it."We
pray for our people.
How do I even say it? You all get
it.
We pray for these people.
We'll
call them the great pretenders. We
call protection over the great
pretenders.
Show the picture of the Chinese men.
Show that picture right now. This is
serious. There's more of them.
There's something about these
men—the
infiltration.
It's in our nation. I'm seeing this
right now.
Braden, do you hear what I'm telling
you? This is very serious.
Marinate
every plot, every
plan—every
plot will be uncovered across this
land. Every plot, every plan will be
uncovered across this land. Every plot,
every plan will
be uncovered across this land
for
Jesus.
Every plot, every plan, the fear of God
would set inside their heart. They try
to destroy anybody, but they'll say, "No,
we're not going to do this. I just can't
do
it."I
thank you, Father.
I see churches across the country.
We pray over every one of these
churches,
every place of gathering.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus. We consider it done,
Lord, that you'll bring it to pass at
last. A great protection, every plot,
every plan, Father, that we're always in
the right place at the right time.
When is the World Cup, son?
Is it 2027?
No, '26.
So, it's this year,
June 11th to July 21st.
FIFA World Cup, right?
Wow. So, the 11th from the movie.
Do you see that?
The
11th, 12th, 13th, 14th to the
20th.
Wow. The soccer ball
to the 19th,
United States.
Braden,
well, we have a lot of work to do this
week, huh?
Help me to stay on track, Father.
That's why the
14th—he
said he marked the 14th and he
highlighted it and he said, "Pray over
this timeframe. Pray over the 11th, 12th,
13th, and 14th."The 14th is on a Sunday, I believe
it's President Trump's birthday,
the
80th—praying
over this.
Interesting.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that over this
soccer match, over these games, Father,
you protect them.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit
concerning these soccer games,
any kind of tragic event concerning the
soccer games, Father, I thank you, Lord,
that it's uncovered,
that
no weapon formed against this
nation would prosper.
Thank you, Lord.
It's in New York.
Oh my gosh.
Interesting.
Well, like I said, we have a lot of work
to do this week. I appreciate you
joining me tonight and we will continue
to cover this and we'll get back in the
vein of it tomorrow. We love you.
We're so thankful that you would spend
time with us in your evening, and
we will keep praying over all
this. There's a lot here.
God bless you
all. We really do
appreciate every single one of you.
Thank you. Thank you from the bottom of
my heart. Put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you and
we love you. God bless you, and we'll see
you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.